---
id: 11869
title: Summer 2013
date: 2013-06-12T11:34:11+00:00
author: Sam Matthews
layout: post
guid: http://giscollective.org/?p=11869
permalink: /summer-2013/
categories:
  - Update
---
As we come into the summer season, the GISC will be gaining pace. We&#8217;ll see some new faces, new posts, and more updates. We&#8217;re happy to welcome Lyzi Diamond to the team as an Editor! Lyzi currently works as a GIS Technician for the Oregon Department of Geology and Mineral Industries (DOGAMI). She&#8217;ll be adding to the backbone of this collective with her GIS skills and knowledge, but will also help us move forward with some new posts regarding broader domain knowledge that is useful for GIS, but also many other disciplines.

Check out her [website](http://lyzidiamond.com/) and follow her on twitter (@[lyzidiamond](https://twitter.com/lyzidiamond)) if you&#8217;re interested in reading more about her!

We&#8217;re also happy to announce that the Madison chapter (where it all began) will be hosting GISC meetings for those on campus and in the Wisconsin area. Though this website will stay disconnected in terms of meeting updates, all topics and tutorials will be hosted here for anybody to read and learn. If you are interested in learning more about the Madison chapter, they will be having the first meeting on **Thursday June 13th** @ **3:00pm** on the **Terrace.**

Keep your eyes peeled for more tutorials and posts coming your way. Cheers!

EDIT: I forgot to mention we&#8217;re going through another site design? Well, it&#8217;s official now! Purely customized theme for the GISC website.